the 2010 season was the most successful
in school history with the Wolverines
waiting the Big Ten championship and
advancement in sweet 16 at the NCAA
Championships michigan won a
program-best 24 matches and lost just
one player to graduation so how unlikely
is it that Michigan has two freshmen
playing near the top of the lineup this
winter Brooke and Sam were very highly
recruited and could play with the best
of um it's a bonus that they can play
that high I feel like you know top to
bottom we've got some great kids but for
freshmen to come in and do what they've
done for us it's pretty amazing work Bo
lenders already made her mark having won
16 of 24 singles matches and clean all
four and dual match play she was a 6-4
7-6 win today against Kentucky helping
the Wolverines to a 70 a team win how
would you describe your game my game I
just kind of it like a aggressive
baseliner trying to become I'll court
trying to come into the net as much as
possible using my forehand Sam kreitzer
the reigning Big Ten Player of the Week
1466 110 against Kentucky for her 12th
consecutive singles win I play pretty
aggressively like I love to come in and
second peoples out of the air oh yeah is
that when when you're playing is that
what you want to do is always get to
that are you comfortable staying on the
baseline I mean yeah I'm pretty
comfortable staying at the baseline but
like what I put my best in come in and
everything they're good you know where I
would go up with any freshman you know
in the country are two freshmen you know
even in the fall they had really great
falls
you know I think Sam's 1 11 or 12 in a
row I'm in singles and the book stepped
up as well so you know we're we're
looking for them to be very successful
and keep contributing you know we were
happy with them for sure the two are
from different coasts but it is amazing
how fast they become part of this
Wolverine team you're one of four
california girls and so did you know
anyone before you came to Michigan
actually didn't know anyone before I
came here but like as soon as I let them
I love them so yeah would you say that
they're the reason why you came here
definitely like that's exactly what I
can hear is I loved everyone on the team
our whole lineup is so deep we could all
play pretty much anywhere which is
really nice we're so deep and it's just
been fun to play at the top we want kids
that are gonna fit in with our group you
know we have a very tight group like you
said and and when the freshman can come
in and it's just a seamless sort of
transition you know they fake fit right
in and and you know it's just been
smooth everybody gets along and they're
fun to work with do you've any nickname
so far this season oh yeah the team was
coming bulldog pitbull yeah why is that
apparently I run like a bulldog I guess
all right pretty I don't know I don't
know rookie seems to be the most common
one and me and say I'm like to use B&S
from the gossip girl but that's kind of
just as a joke this is a joke so like if
you're out there yelling for each other
you're not going to do that Oh me well I
mean it's a joke buoys it and then they
call copy brookie especially with fans
can expect another injection of youth
next season as Ronnie Bernstein just
signed what many considered to be the
number two ranked recruiting class in
the nation at the varsity tennis center
i'm sarah van Meter for mville blue calm
you